In this lecture, we'll create the test and the mock objects that are required to do that right, click
on the coupon Servelet  say  new, go to other search for Junit and you  will find Junit  test case
select it .
Click on next.
The package is fine, the name is Coupon servelet  Test, it uses the class name, the Servelet  name, and
then appends  with it  a test that is also fine, click on next.
We want to test the do get and do post optionally.
If you want to select them, you can go ahead and select them and it will generate the test methods
for those two.
We can change the methods later, for now, let's start by mocking  out to test these two methods, we
need to mock out three things.
If you go to the Servelet, we have this request and response that we need to mock out
These are provided by Tomcat.
When we ran the integration tests and also this request,  dispatcher which dispatches it to the request
Or  the Jsp page go back to the test.
The easiest way to do this mocking is define the fields on this test.
Private HTTP
Servlet request is the first one.
Call it a request, similarly, private HTTP  servlet response is the next guy, call it response,
private request dispatcher.
Call it request dispatcher.
Mock this out, so just mark this with @ Mark annotations, that is all that is required to mock them
from or Dot Mockito.
Copy that.
Paste it  on the other two as well.
So there are different ways for this to be mocked.
Once you marked  with these annotations, you  will have to invoke the mockito dot in it mocks method .
Or you can use a runner that comes from mockito on this class instead of using the default Junit test runner ,
we use @ run with annotation within brackets, Mockito.
Junit runner , make sure this is from Org dot  Mockito Dot junit that is the package select it  Dot class.
Once we do this we don't have to invoke any methods for this.
Mock's to be stubbed  out or for these mocks to be mocked out
This runner automatically will scan through all those fields that are marked with at mock annotation
and it will mock those objects out for us.
So in this lecture you have  created the test and you have  mocked everything that is required for our application.
If you run this test right click   do a run as  junit  test, right now we have two tests and those two
tests fail because we are saying fail, not yet implemented, will implement them one at a time in the
next lecture.